Last time on Sonic X,
a fleet of Metarex
led by Dr. Eggman
sent Sonic and friends
into ship shock.
Our heroes battled bravely,
but were quickly outnumbered
by their fearsome foes.
Sonic rushed to counter-attack,
when Eggman activated
the ultimate speed trap,
an energy barrier that
Sonic couldn't crack.
With the end at hand, Tails
came up with a perilous plan.
And thanks to the power
of the Master Emerald,
our heroes foiled the
enemy fleet and escaped.
But with the rest of
the Metarex closing in,
can Sonic and friends
survive another siege?
Or have they only
delayed their doom?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
We have Sonic on the run.
He is hiding somewhere
in this area.
He picked an excellent refuge.
There are intense electromagnetic
waves in that region of space.
The scanners will be useless.
He and his crew mates will have the
opportunity to recover from our battle.
We will find them.
And when we do, they will
be completely destroyed...
with your help, Dr. Eggman.
Huh!
Once Sonic has been eliminated,
the victory of the
Metarex will be assured.
Any resistance against
us will be futile.
We'll stomp on those rebels
like they're a bunch of ants.
And then we'll fulfill the
destiny of the galaxy.
METAREX: Yeah!
[Evil laughter]
What's the matter, Doctor?
Don't you like the plan?
Speak up.
You do have an
objection, don't you?
All right.
If you insist on knowing.
One thing still bothers
me about you Metarex...
I can't figure out what you're trying
to accomplish with all this destruction.
I can understand trying
to conquer planets,
but if you keep up this
rampage across the galaxy,
there won't be anybody
left to rule over.
It doesn't make sense.
For someone of your
reputation, Doctor,
you have a surprising
lack of vision.
I'm beginning to suspect
that you Metarex
have completely lost your minds.
Perhaps, Doctor.
But the question is, what are
you going to do about it?
The time has come for
you to choose sides.
Will you join our quest
to transform the galaxy,
or will you fight
against us with Sonic?
[Saloon piano music]
Welcome to Vector's Juice Bar!
We put the squeeze on your thirst!
I bet you didn't know I was
such a musical maestro, did ya?
You shouldn't be surprised.
I'm more than just a pretty face.
Bein' a croc, I'm naturally
swamped with talent.
But you're probably
wondering why I'm
playing piano instead
of doing detective work.
It all started after
the boys and me
said "adios" to the crew
of the Blue Typhoon.
Okay, Vector.
Hang a right just before
the next star system.
Space travel sure can be boring.
Somebody oughtta build a rest
stop in this part of the galaxy
so you can get out and
stretch your legs.
Oh, boy.
I wish we could stop
and grab a bite to eat.
There aren't any rest
stops listed here.
Let's see.
Hmm.
Maybe we'll find one over there.
I don't see that place on the map.
Let's check it out!
All righty!
After all, investigating unknown
mysteries is part of a detective's job.
Go for it, Vector!
In warped voices What the-
It's some kind of gravity field.
Whoa... this is totally cool!
So, we ended up crash-landing
on this planet.
Huh?
Send me a bill, and
I'll pay ya next month.
Well, I uh...
Something wrong?
This clown says he's
gonna pay us later.
Later?
Next week, maybe.
Listen, pal.
The policy in this
establishment is,
when you pig out,
you have to pay up.
What are you gonna do, Vector?
Let's see...
I could try to squeeze
the money out of him.
I know-
What if I pay you tomorrow?
No way!
It's cash or bash,
if you get my drift.
That's everything I owe.
Come back soon!
We won't be getting rich
at this rate, Vector.
We just need to earn enough
dough to pay for ship repairs.
Then we can be on our way.
[Door opens]
Huh?
Hi! What can we get ya?
It's Eggman!
Is that you, Vector?
What are you doing here?
I'm looking for someone.
Oh, yeah?
Now, I'll need a name or alias,
and you'll have to give
me a description, too.
[Snaps]
Heh.
Huh? How come you're
looking for Sonic?
The Metarex would like to
ask him a few questions.
They want to have a
friendly chat, huh?
Forget it, Eggman.
You'd have to be a lowlife
to work for the Metarex.
Check this out.
You wanna play cards?
This happens to be
my new business card.
I guess you haven't
heard the Metarex
made me one of their
top four commanders.
What a simpleton.
Hurry and get all those
posters plastered up!
Sure thing, Doctor!
Hmm, this looks like a good spot.
Now, hold on a second!
I don't want my walls covered
with wanted posters.
Find someplace where they
ain't gonna be an eyesore.
If you say so.
[Muttering]
With all the chewing gum under this
table, I do not even need tape!
I'll have an ice-cold
refreshing glass of water.
I said water!
Too late, Eggman. We just ran out.
Grr... I wish you would dry up.
BOTH: We are done putting
up the posters, Doctor.
If you do see Sonic or his friends,
contact me right away, understand?
Sorry, Eggman, but I happen to be
a crocodile, not a stool pigeon.
Hmph.
Let's ditch this dump.
Yes, Doctor!
Where will we go next?
What are you gonna do, Vector?
Will you let Sonic know about this?
You betcha.
KNUCKLES: Eggman's putting
up "Wanted" posters?
He's hunting us down
like we're criminals.
This is bad news.
If the Metarex find out we're
hiding on this planet,
they'll send a fleet after us.
We won't have a chance.
Chao chao!
We need to fix our ship
and get out of here.
You guys can't go outside.
One of the locals
might turn you all in.
Then I'll make sure
none of 'em see me.
Huh?
We need parts.
Tails and Cosmo are waiting
at the ship for them.
I wonder where Sonic
and the others are?
What if the Metarex found them?
I'll just dash to the store
and buy the parts we need.
But when you pay at the register,
they'll see your face.
Huh?
Huh! Huh! Huh!
Hey, this isn't the
express lane, buddy!
Okay, you're right.
I can't do any shopping.
What are we gonna do?
Without those parts,
we'll be stuck here.
Hmm.
ALL: Hmm.
Why don't you let me
buy the parts for ya?
[Gasp]
Would you really?
Sure. I run errands all the time
when I'm doing undercover work.
As you can see, I don't
just collar crooks.
Uh...
Sorry, but we've only got
enough cash for the parts.
Aw, don't worry about my salary.
I think you guys are A-OK,
so I'll take an IOU.
Then it's settled!
All right, then.
Here's your shopping list.
Hm. Mm-hmm.
Hmm?
This is one of the parts
I need for my ship!
I'm shoppin' for Sonic!
I ain't no crooked croc.
Hm.
Huh.
One power module, one
gravity stabilizer,
two quantum flux capacitors,
one hyper-hammer,
three laser fusion units,
one air freshener...
Come in, Commander.
So, my instincts were correct.
Sonic is hiding on that planet.
And when he fixes his ship
and returns to space,
I'll be waiting for him!
We put up "Wanted"
posters all around town.
[Grumbling]
It was exhausting.
Is there something wrong, Doctor?
Hm?
It's none of your business.
Let's go!
Roger!
Whatever.
Hm?
Huh?
Hm.
[Sigh]
For a second there,
I thought he saw me.
[Door opening]
Huh?
How'd it go, Vector?
No problem.
All right, let's go help
Vector unload the parts.
Hm.
Maybe they did run into trouble.
It must be the Metarex.
These parts are heavy!
[Everyone groaning]
Chao!
Look out!
[Crash] Whoa!
This is the last part.
Let's call Tails to pick
this up in the X Tornado.
Chao!
Amy, they could be monitoring
our communications.
Huh? What are you saying?
You expect us to carry
the parts there?
I can take you guys over.
Oh, really?
Sure! I'm a warm-hearted reptile.
Okay. Hang on, everybody!
EGGMAN: Vector, I'm
in your restaurant.
We need to talk.
That figures.
Oh! What's Eggman doing here?
I'd like to give him a piece
of my mind... and fist.
Don't worry. I'll go show
Dr. Egghead the exit.
Be right back.
I already told ya, I'm not
gonna help ya, Eggman.
If you're this rude
to all your customers,
it's no wonder this place is empty.
What does he want anyway?
Eggman's a pain.
We're closed up for the night.
I'm not leaving this stool.
Oh, really?
I came here tonight to celebrate,
and that's exactly what
I'm going to do, Vector.
Celebrate what?
Before this night is over,
I'm going to be rid of Sonic
the Hedgehog once and for all.
The Metarex sent me
to track down Sonic,
and now I figured out
exactly where he's hiding.
[Laughing]
Sonic doesn't suspect anything,
so he won't stand a chance
when the Metarex attack.
So Eggman is setting us up!
This is bad.
What'll we do, Sonic?
[Chuckling]
ALL: Huh?
Hmm?
Hmm.
How 'bout some juice?
[Grunt]
Huh? No way!
Vector was supposed
to get rid of Eggman.
Yeah. What's he letting
him hang around for?
Huh. Dr. Eggman doesn't get
to defeat us very often,
so he really deserves
to enjoy it this time.
ALL: Huh?
Let me tell you, those Metarex
aren't kidding around.
They've had enough of Sonic and
his friends, and this time,
they're planning to pull
out all the stops to
make sure he's destroyed
once and for all.
Really? What are they gonna do?
It's a secret.
Let's just say it will involve
a whole fleet of ships
attacking the Blue Typhoon.
I almost wish I could give
Sonic some kind of warning.
I'm sure he'd much
rather be beaten by me
than by those miserable Metarex.
[Evil chuckle]
Eggman's got some ego.
I wish I could go in
there and tell him off!
Hmm.
Hah!
Heh.
I'll be shoving off now.
I don't want to ever see
you in here again, Eggman!
That's the best news
I've had all day.
ALL: Hmm.
BOKKUN: Come in, Doctor!
What now?
I thought you should know,
I just spotted Bay Leaf's fleet.
All right, keep me posted.
Oh, well. I guess Sonic's a goner.
That fleet will stay in
orbit around the planet,
waiting for the Blue Typhoon to
take off so they can destroy it.
Yes, the second the
Metarex spot that ship,
it will be blown
into a billion bits!
There won't be any escape
for Sonic the Hedgehog...
This time!
Ha! He could use an acting coach.
We can't leave the planet
now even if we fix the ship.
But if we just stay
here, sooner or later,
they'll track us down
and attack us anyway.
We're trapped, and we
can't put up a fight.
Our laser cannons aren't powerful
enough to take on an entire fleet.
Thanks for the tip-off, Eggman.
I'm waiting for you, Sonic!
Do you know how many ships the
Metarex have in their fleet?
'Fraid not.
Why don't you just use the scopes?
They're not working.
I disconnected all the
scopes to make repairs,
and it'll take hours
to reconnect them.
What are the options?
If we just sit around here, we won't
have any chance of getting away.
What should we do?
We have to repair our ship
and take on that fleet.
You wanna to join us?
No offense, Sonic, but we'd rather
play it safe, than be sorry.
Sir, a ship has just
left the planet.
Put it up on the view screen.
Roger.
Ah!
That's the Blue Typhoon.
Deploy cannons!
Fire!
I've done it!
I defeated Sonic the Hedgehog!
We must leave immediately
to deliver the good news
to Dark Oak in person!
[Saloon music plays]
Coming right up!
Huh?
Play it again, Vector.
I thought I told you to
never come back here.
Believe me, I didn't
want to come back.
But I didn't have
anyplace else to go.
I'll have a prune juice
and a soft-boiled egg.
Well, Vector?
Hmm.
Give him what he wants.
Are you sure?
Yeah, and it's all
on the house, too.
Hmm.
Here's to my best enemy.
Why did we have to protect Sonic?
Yeah, I though Dr. Eggman
wanted to see him destroyed.
If ya ask me, the Doc's
starting to go soft...
in the head!
I thought there was supposed to
be a Metarex fleet waiting for us.
But there isn't even
a single ship here.
We should have suspected
all along it was a lie.
I guess Eggman was just
trying to psych us out.
I'm glad he lied.
If there was a fleet
here, we'd be in trouble.
Wouldn't we, Sonic?
Thanks, Doctor.
You're not such a
bad egg after all.